A lot of times, you'll be working with projects that require different library versions,
or different versions of Python even.
In my experience and many other people's,
it's really difficult to get all these versions to play nicely together on one computer.
To solve this problem, we use virtual environments,
managed with libraries such as virtualenv.
Virtual environments let you separate libraries required by different projects,
so you can avoid conflicts.
If you're working with data though,
Anaconda is the way to go.
Anaconda is a distribution of libraries in softwares specifically built for data science.
It comes with conda,
a package and environment manager that will make your life a thousand times better.
Now, I'll show you a bit about using conda.
I generally create a new environment for each project I start,
this way, I can keep the necessary package versions separate.
For example, if I want to start a new project using Python 3,
which you should be using for all new projects,
I can create an environment for it.
Type in conda create.
Give it a name tea_facts.
But that tea_facts about T,
and the Python version 3,
and Enter.
This will create the environment for me.
Now, I can enter the environment like so, source activate tea_facts.
This is the command on Mac and Linux,
on Windows is just activate.
Now, I'm in the environment,
you can see the name in the prompt.
And you can see here, the packages that are installed.
These are just the default packages.
Now, I can start installing what I want for this project.
Let's install NumPy and pandas for working with
the tea data and matplotlib for making visualizations.
Then I'll install Jupyter Notebooks,
which I like to use to develop code.
And again, looking at the install packages,
I have all these ready to use for my project.
And these are separated from other environments.
So, I won't run into any conflicting conversion issues.
Okay. Now it's your turn to learn how to use conda for your own projects.
This lesson will take around 30 minutes up to an hour. Have fun.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6